SAKAMOTO'S
You're late!
You're so fussy.
Who cares if I'm a little late?
Two hours is not "a little"!
GREEN TEA
APPLE JUICE
DETERGENT
Come on, Lu!
You can't put the detergent in the fridge!
Fussing again.
Just put it all on the shelves,
the customers will figure it out.
You can't stuff everything in one place!
I bet you've never even had a job before.
-I have too!
-What'd you do?
I helped out with my dad's work!
I dug a huge hole and tossed
gunnysacks of who-knows-what into it.
Mr. Sakamoto, we have to fire her!
She's ruining our peaceful atmosphere!
There's no such atmosphere here
to begin with.
EX-MAFIA
Shut up, we're trying to build one!
EX-HIT MEN
Now, now, Shin!
We don't say mean things like that here.
And Lu, you need to apologize
when you're late to work.
Mr. Sakamoto?
What's wrong, you two?
You look like a pair of deer
caught in rifle-mounted lights.
Come now, let's get ready.
Shin, you go sweep outside.
Lu, are your pork buns prepped?
Mr. Manager is chattier than I thought.
I worked with him for years.
I've never heard him talk this much.
He barely talks in his own mind.
Do you two think that I'm some kind of
talking blob of meat?
How rude.
I will kill you.
I am a warm-blooded human being, you know?
I appreciate your hard work. Really.
Not only is he talking too much,
he doesn't even sound like himself.
SAKAMOTO
Oh?
Mr. Sakamoto?
There are two of you?
WELCOME TO SUGAR PARK
Well, what a surprise!
A doppelgänger, perhaps?
Long time no see, Nagumo.
I see you've still got it, Sakamoto.
Thank goodness for that.
How did he do that with his face?
And…
Why can't I read his mind?
Sorry, didn't think that
I'd get you that good.
Mr. Sakamoto, who is this guy?
Let's stuff him in a sack!
My name is Nagumo.
I work at the supermarket across
the street. I'm a friend of Sakamoto's.
And by the way, I'm 18.
A friend? And you're only 18?
But there's no supermarket
across the street.
He's a hit man.
We started out at the same time.
He's 27.
Everything you said was a lie!
We aren't that gullible!
There's a bounty on Sakamoto's head.
The reward is one billion yen.
I'm sure it's just another lie.
The "one billion yen" makes it so obvious.
I know kids that are better liars.
Nope, it's true.
It was officially decided by the JAA,
just the other day.
It won't be posted online
until tomorrow, but…
Hello. Pizza delivery for Sakamoto?
Yay, pizza! Finally!
Some guys have already caught wind
of the rumors.
That the legendary hit man
is back in the game.
That'll be 2,940 yen, please.
Man, these guys are like sitting ducks.
What?
Can't believe you let me,
Pizza Nakajima, walk right in!
I'm gonna slice you up like salami!
PIZZA GUY / HIT MAN
PIZZA NAKAJIMA
Hey, don't you make a move.
We wouldn't want to waste
such a pretty face.
Sakamoto, you bastard!
Don't just sit there eating pizza!
I'm gonna kill him!
You little--
See? Just like I told you.
I don't like lies.
How'd he do that?
Nagumo, wait.
Don't tell me you're gonna try
to get through this without killing.
Do you really think you stand a chance
against these hit men?
Or worse, against us?
Just kidding.
We'll stay out of it this time.
We specialize in hits on hit men.
Well, you'd know that,
wouldn't you, Sakamoto?
Ah, fond memories of the days
we worked together.
Nagumo.
Who benefits from me dying
after all this time?
No clue.
We just complete our missions.
And you know, for someone who's retired,
you've drawn a lot of attention.
Eliminating Dan, Inc.? That was too far.
Are you stupid?
Are there gonna be more guys like them?
Oh, no! No more noobs like that.
Well, anyway…
Good seeing you, Sakamoto.
I wanted to see your face one last time.
Hey, wait a minute!
Is he…
on our side?
Maybe I should leave the country.
Well… There goes our pizza guy.
I can't believe this fat-ass is
worth one billion yen.
That black-haired guy looked way worse.
Oh, who cares about that.
Shouldn't you be more worried
about that outdated look of yours?
What'd you say?
Sorry, never mind.
Didn't mean to kill your vibe.
Hey, anyone feel like pizza?
You're underestimating Sakamoto.
You have to outsmart him in every way.
Time, place, everything.
Find the worst possible moment for him
and strike.
That's how we do it at Dondenkai.
He used to be in The Order.
If you're not careful,
he'll turn the tables on you.
The Order? That's an urban myth.
He retired five years ago, right?
I'm sure he won't be any trouble.
One piece of advice.
If you keep stalking me,
I'm gonna show you hell.
He knew the camera was there?
Giving off quite a vibe, huh.
-Arcade?
-Sounds good!
If what Nagumo said was true,
will more men like that pizza guy
keep attacking you?
It's no use worrying about it.
Since we don't know who the enemy is,
it's best if we lay low for now.
Daddy!
Hana's all ready for tomorrow!
Ready?
What's with the ears?
It's Sugar Bunny!
I'm super-duper excited!
Sugar Bunny?
I'd better get up early tomorrow
to pack our lunches.
Yay! Can you do the apples
with little bunny ears?
Are you going somewhere?
-Damn it, I forgot!
-Bunny ears!
THE VIKING
That Viking ride was so much fun!
A little too much for me.
I think I had too many frankfurters.
I'll call for a doctor!
Don't be so dramatic. Want some water?
Lu-lu, look at this!
This park is so big.
It's worth three Tokyo Domes!
What's a Tokyo Dome?
And the mascot is so cute!
It's a strong, chubby bunny
called Sugar Bunny!
Kinda like Mr. Manager.
It's been a while since
we've gone out with friends.
We're going to have so much fun today!
There's a bounty on your head.
The reward is one billion yen.
This stick thing's not bad.
Come on, guys!
Hurry up, hurry up!
Lu,
let's go over this again.
Our mission today is to protect him…
…so the Sakamotos can enjoy their day.
1. STOP ENEMIES
2. FAMILY TIME
But with so many people around,
how are we gonna weed out the enemies?
Stop looking around.
There aren't any enemies near us.
How do you know?
Under the right conditions,
I can read the minds of everyone
within a 30-meter radius.
When people want to kill someone,
they're usually pretty worked up about it.
I see.
Wait, have you been reading my mind?
You pervert!
Shut up, of course not!
I need to concentrate to do it.
It's like tuning in to a radio station.
So, how'd you get that--
Mr. Sakamoto, enemy approaching.
Got it.
Male at two o'clock.
A family outing, huh?
You've set the bar really low.
JANITOR / HIT MAN
KURII NINGU
Look, Hana! I wonder what that is?
I'll wipe the floor with you!
Watch what Cleaning Kurii can do!
A no-look kill?
What was that?
-Cute bunny!
-I thought I heard something.
Mr. Manager is something else.
He didn't even glance at the enemy.
Not only that,
he avoided the organs and arteries
so he wouldn't die.
That's like threading a needle.
It's practically impossible.
See? I told him the janitor thing
wasn't a vibe anymore.
But I gotta say, that Sakamoto guy…
WANTED
His vibe is more "big softie"
than "legendary hit man."
That Shin kid is a pain, though.
The ability to read minds? How annoying.
Wait a minute.
If I don't give off a vibe,
he won't have anything to read.
Problem solved.
What are you doing?
Mr. Manager's going that way.
Yeah.
This is how kids get lost.
TURBO TEDDY
This is gonna be fun!
It's so exciting.
It's so tight.
Please do not remove the safety bar
while the ride is in motion.
Enjoy your journey!
Off you go!
-Why are we sitting all the way back here?
-Enjoy!
It'll be easier to spot enemies.
The back of the ride is faster, too.
It's the same speed.
See anyone suspicious?
Doesn't seem like anyone's
got murder on the mind.
Who would choose a time like this, anyway?
Wait, that guy with the silver hair
looks suspicious.
Really?
I dunno, he's not thinking about anything.
Look at him, there's no way he's normal.
Hey.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
Hey, they noticed me.
Was I giving off a vibe without realizing?
Shit!
What are you doing?
Removing this safety bar!
What? But we're at the top…
Mr. Sakamoto, an enemy got past us!
Three rows behind you,
the guy with the silver hair!
Damn.
Bulletproof glasses, huh?
I guess it couldn't be that easy.
Mr. Sakamoto, I'll take care of him!
What? Are you crazy?
We're coming to the loop!
Hey!
I need to have a word with you!
That was close.
Are you out of your mind?
You could've killed me.
Today's Mr. Sakamoto's day off.
Looks like I'll have to do some overtime.
Hmm? What kinda vibe is that?
Damn it, I can't read him at all.
He's not making this easy.
Aw, you noticed.
I can't dodge them both!
He uses poison?
Strong stuff, isn't it?
It's a special blend I made myself.
So, you're probably going to die now.
How's that feel?
Shut up, dumbass. This is far from over.
See, that's the thing.
I noticed this with Sakamoto earlier, too.
Those are losers' eyes.
He fears death.
You're just talking gibberish.
You can see it in their eyes
when someone isn't prepared to face death.
The harder you cling to life,
the weaker you become, you know?
That pesky desire to live
delays critical split-second decisions.
Just like yours did.
You were petrified by the knives,
and so, you couldn't dodge both of them.
You don't know anything.
Mr. Sakamoto is afraid of death?
Of course he is.
He has to protect his family
for the rest of his life.
It's the hardest mission he's ever had.
People fight harder
when they have something to protect!
Yeah, yeah.
You're practically blind right now, right?
This desperate vibe thing is annoying.
It doesn't matter if I can't see!
There's only one path here, anyway.
What terrible timing.
Why'd he jump so low?
Okay, now it's getting interesting!
So? What next?
Shut up!
Damn it!
There's gotta be something.
Some way to come out on top…
-Where are they?
-That ride looks fun.
I gotta contact them.
Can we see Sugar Bunny soon?
Popcorn's delicious.
Oh, no, everyone!
Sugar Bunny is in trouble!
Can we cheer for Sugar Bunny together?
Well, this is unexpected.
Wha-- who are you?
We're in the middle of a show!
Shut it.
I'll kill you.
Huh?
Uh, Sugar Bunny?
Now that I have a good view…
it's time for round two.
I'll smash you to the ground.
What "view"?
You still can't see.
Do you want these kids
to witness a bloody--
Oh yeah!
There's Sugar Bunny's Rabbit Punch!
What? But how?
Everybody! Let's cheer for Sugar Bunny!
Sugar Bunny! Sugar Bunny!
Rabbit Right Uppercut!
What are these moves?
Can he see me?
Wow, this is impressive.
It's pretty realistic, isn't it, honey?
Look, Hana, daddy's glued to the show.
He's like a little kid!
Right. Right.
Left. Left.
Right. Right counterpunch.
Jab. Another jab.
His guard's open, aim for the body.
Left counterpunch.
Step in, body blow.
What the hell is happening?
There's no way the poison's broken down.
It's not just that he's seeing me,
he's reading my every move!
What is this?
You changing up your vibe now?
You're just the sidekick!
Are his eyes… closed?
Finish it.
Super attack, the Dynamite Rabbit Shock!
-Sugar Bunny!
Sugar Bunny! Sugar Bunny!
Nice work.
My pleasure.
Subtitle translation by: Yuka Kristi